Terms Of Use

My fonts are free for PERSONAL use only. For any commercial use (anything you make money from), you must send a paypal donation.
Please see below for affordable packages.

Important Notes

    I don’t charge extra for additional styles. For example- Love & Trust font has both regular and hearted versions.
    They get counted as one font when donating for commercial use.
    A user is the amount of people in your business (company, project, etc.) that are accessing the font file itself.
    You do not need a paypal account to donate. You only need a credit or debit card to donate through paypal.
    Your paypal receipt is your license. However, if you need me to send you an invoice or some other form of a license, please let me know.

Font Packages

    For an individual or small businesses (under 10 users): $5 per font
    For businesses of 10 users or more: $10 per font
    For charity or non-profit use: My fonts are free for you, but donations and/or credit is greatly appreciated (not required though). Thanks!
    All Misti’s Fonts (plus any I make in the future): $300
    This price applies for an individual or businesses of any size.
    Note: if you have previously donated for commercial use, and would like to upgrade to this package, then
    just deduct what you have already paid from this amount.

Other Uses

Apps, webfonts, embroidery fonts, or redistribution for profit: Contact me

Additional Terms Of Use

    You MAY NOT sell my fonts or claim them as your own.
    You MAY NOT edit or rename my fonts with intent to redistribute or sell them.
    You MAY redistribute my fonts if:
    1. You credit me (Misti’s Fonts or Misti Hammers).
    2. Keep the READ ME file intact within the zip folder.
    3. Provide a link back to this website (www.mistifonts.com).

Note: These terms of use were updated on 08/30/2014.
Terms of use are frequently updated as needed. Thanks for understanding!
Contact me if you have any questions.

http://mistifonts.com/contact-me/
