Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs.
1 Corinthians 13:4-5

Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-18

Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
Philippians 4:6-7

These commandments that I give you today are to be on your hearts. Impress them on your children. Talk about them when you sit at home and when you walk along the road, when you lie down and when you get up.
Deuteronomy 6:6-7

But blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord,
whose confidence is in him.
They will be like a tree planted by the water
that sends out its roots by the stream.
It does not fear when heat comes;
its leaves are always green.
It has no worries in a year of drought
and never fails to bear fruit.
Jeremiah 17:7-8

Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.
Mark 11:24

Do everything in love.
1 Corinthians 16:14

The Lord bless you and keep you;
the Lord make his face shine on you
and be gracious to you;
the Lord turn his face toward you
and give you peace.
Numbers 6:24-26

I pray that out of his glorious riches he may strengthen you with power through his Spirit in your inner being, so that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith. And I pray that you, being rooted and established in love.
Ephesians 3:16-17

Commit to the Lord whatever you do,
and he will establish your plans.
Proverbs 16:3

Let the morning bring me word of your unfailing love,
for I have put my trust in you.
Show me the way I should go,
for to you I entrust my life.
Psalm 143:8

But those who hope in the Lord
will renew their strength.
They will soar on wings like eagles;
they will run and not grow weary,
they will walk and not be faint.
Isaiah 40:31

For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
Jeremiah 29:11

So do not fear, for I am with you;
do not be dismayed, for I am your God.
I will strengthen you and help you;
I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
Isaiah 41:10
Worship the Lord your God, and his blessing will be on your food and water. I will take away sickness from among you.
Exodus 23:25

They replied, “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved—you and your household.”
Acts 16:31

Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love.
Ephesians 4:2

May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Romans 15:13

For we live by faith, not by sight.
2 Corinthians 5:7

Now faith is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see.
Hebrews 11:1

Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters, since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward. It is the Lord Christ you are serving.
Colossians 3:23-24

Trust in the Lord with all your heart
and lean not on your own understanding;
in all your ways submit to him,
and he will make your paths straight.
Proverbs 3:5-6

Let love and faithfulness never leave you;
bind them around your neck,
write them on the tablet of your heart.
Then you will win favor and a good name
in the sight of God and man.
Proverbs 3:3-4

May he give you the desire of your heart
and make all your plans succeed.
Psalm 20:4

Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who believes in me will live, even though they die; and whoever lives by believing in me will never die. Do you believe this?”
John 11:25-26

This is the confidence we have in approaching God: that if we ask anything according to his will, he hears us.
1 John 5:14

Each of you should give what you have decided in your heart to give, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.
2 Corinthians 9:7

The Lord will keep you from all harm—
he will watch over your life;
the Lord will watch over your coming and going
both now and forevermore.
Psalm 121:7-8

When I am afraid, I put my trust in you.
Psalm 56:3

And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity.
Colossians 3:14

Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer.
Romans 12:12

If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin and will heal their land.
2 Chronicles 7:14

Lord, you are my God;
I will exalt you and praise your name,
for in perfect faithfulness
you have done wonderful things,
things planned long ago.
Isaiah 25:1

And so we know and rely on the love God has for us. God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in them.
1 John 4:16

And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
1 Corinthians 13:13

Therefore, my dear brothers and sisters, stand firm. Let nothing move you. Always give yourselves fully to the work of the Lord, because you know that your labor in the Lord is not in vain.
1 Corinthians 15:58

When you pass through the waters,
I will be with you;
and when you pass through the rivers,
they will not sweep over you.
When you walk through the fire,
you will not be burned;
the flames will not set you ablaze.
Isaiah 43:2

Be very careful, then, how you live—not as unwise but as wise, making the most of every opportunity, because the days are evil.
Ephesians 5:15-16

I appeal to you, brothers and sisters, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that all of you agree with one another in what you say and that there be no divisions among you, but that you be perfectly united in mind and thought.
1 Corinthians 1:10
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go.
Joshua 1:9

“‘If you can’?” said Jesus. “Everything is possible for one who believes.”
Mark 9:23

The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.
Deuteronomy 31:8

Devote yourselves to prayer, being watchful and thankful.
Colossians 4:2

But when you ask, you must believe and not doubt, because the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea, blown and tossed by the wind.
James 1:6

Whoever would foster love covers over an offense,
but whoever repeats the matter separates close friends.
Proverbs 17:9

I have told you these things, so that in me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.
John 16:33

So in Christ Jesus you are all children of God through faith, for all of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with Christ.
Galatians 3:26-27

A generous person will prosper;
whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.
Proverbs 11:25

Why, my soul, are you downcast?
Why so disturbed within me?
Put your hope in God,
for I will yet praise him,
my Savior and my God.
Psalm 42:11

Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.
Ephesians 4:32

Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort, who comforts us in all our troubles, so that we can comfort those in any trouble with the comfort we ourselves receive from God.
2 Corinthians 1:3-4

Whoever pursues righteousness and love
finds life, prosperity and honor.
Proverbs 21:21

Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know.
Jeremiah 33:3

We love because He first loved us.
1 John 4:19

All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the servant of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work.
2 Timothy 3:16-17

My flesh and my heart may fail,
but God is the strength of my heart
and my portion forever.
Psalm 73:26

Start children off on the way they should go,
and even when they are old they will not turn from it.
Proverbs 22:6

Or do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who have sex with men nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards nor slanderers nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God.
1 Corinthians 6:9-10
Then you will call on me and come and pray to me, and I will listen to you.
Jeremiah 29:12

Do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves. Do what it says.
James 1:22

Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest.
Matthew 11:28

Can a mother forget the baby at her breast
and have no compassion on the child she has borne?
Though she may forget,
I will not forget you!
See, I have engraved you on the palms of my hands;
your walls are ever before me.
Isaiah 49:15-16

But who am I, and who are my people, that we should be able to give as generously as this? Everything comes from you, and we have given you only what comes from your hand.
1 Chronicles 29:14

Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good;
his love endures forever.
1 Chronicles 16:34

For the word of God is alive and active. Sharper than any double-edged sword, it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.
Hebrews 4:12

About midnight Paul and Silas were praying and singing hymns to God, and the other prisoners were listening to them.
Acts 16:25

And let us consider how we may spur one another on toward love and good deeds, not giving up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but encouraging one another—and all the more as you see the Day approaching.
Hebrews 10:24-25

How good and pleasant it is
when God’s people live together in unity!
Psalm 133:1

Put on the full armor of God, so that you can take your stand against the devil’s schemes.
Ephesians 6:11

But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Galatians 5:22-23

For if you forgive other people when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you.
Matthew 6:14

Then Jesus said, “Did I not tell you that if you believe, you will see the glory of God?”
John 11:40
Therefore encourage one another and build each other up, just as in fact you are doing.
1 Thessalonians 5:11

Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility value others above yourselves.
Philippians 2:3

Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one’s life for one’s friends.
John 15:13If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing.
1 Corinthians 13:2

As water reflects the face,
so one’s life reflects the heart.
Proverbs 27:19

For I am the Lord your God
who takes hold of your right hand
and says to you, Do not fear;
I will help you.
Isaiah 41:13

Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but not with God; all things are possible with God.”
Mark 10:27

For the Lord gives wisdom;
from his mouth come knowledge and understanding.
Proverbs 2:6

Let everything that has breath praise the Lord.
Praise the Lord.
Psalm 150:6

Your beauty should not come from outward adornment, such as elaborate hairstyles and the wearing of gold jewelry or fine clothes. Rather, it should be that of your inner self, the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit, which is of great worth in God’s sight.
1 Peter 3:3-4

My son, keep your father’s command
and do not forsake your mother’s teaching.
Proverbs 6:20
Though the fig tree does not bud
and there are no grapes on the vines,
though the olive crop fails
and the fields produce no food,
though there are no sheep in the pen
and no cattle in the stalls,
yet I will rejoice in the Lord,
I will be joyful in God my Savior.
Habakkuk 3:17-18

Whoever is patient has great understanding,
but one who is quick-tempered displays folly.
Proverbs 14:29

Jesus said, “Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these.”
Matthew 19:14

For the Spirit God gave us does not make us timid, but gives us power, love and self-discipline.
2 Timothy 1:7

Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.
2 Corinthians 3:17

You are my hiding place;
you will protect me from trouble
and surround me with songs of deliverance.
Psalm 32:7

Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her to make her holy, cleansing her by the washing with water through the word.
Ephesians 5:25-26

For from him and through him and for him are all things.
To him be the glory forever! Amen.
Romans 11:36

You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you so that you might go and bear fruit—fruit that will last—and so that whatever you ask in my name the Father will give you.
John 15:16

Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.
Galatians 6:9

But thanks be to God! He gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 15:57

He heals the brokenhearted
and binds up their wounds.
Psalm 147:3

Therefore confess your sins to each other and pray for each other so that you may be healed. The prayer of a righteous person is powerful and effective.
James 5:16

Above all else, guard your heart,
for everything you do flows from it.
Proverbs 4:23

Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good, pleasing and perfect will.
Romans 12:2

For where two or three gather in my name, there am I with them.
Matthew 18:20
Your word is a lamp for my feet,
a light on my path.
Psalm 119:105
